README.md, before:

# Interview Scheduler
This project is a single-page application meant to allow students to book interviews with their mentors.
This scheduler is based on a 5 work day schedule with a maximum of 5 appointments per day. This application is setup in conjunction with [scheduler-api](https://github.com/mab321/scheduler-api).

#**Features**

- Appointments booking for 5 days.
- Choosing interviewers.
- Editing appointments.
- Deleting appointments.
## Setup

Install dependencies with `npm install`.

## Running Webpack Development Server

```sh
npm start
```

## Running Jest Test Framework

```sh
npm test
```

## Running Storybook Visual Testbed

```sh
npm run storybook
```
# Usage Screenshots
## Delete Appointment
![Delete First appointment](https://github.com/mab321/scheduler/blob/master/documents/highlightAppointment.png?raw=true)
![Confirm Delete](https://github.com/mab321/scheduler/blob/master/documents/confirmDeleteAppointment.png?raw=true)
![Deleted appointment](https://github.com/mab321/scheduler/blob/master/documents/DeletedAppointment.png?raw=true)
## Create appointment
![Create Appointment](https://github.com/mab321/scheduler/blob/master/documents/showAppointment.png?raw=true)
## Edit Appointment
![Before edit appointment](https://github.com/mab321/scheduler/blob/master/documents/highlightAppointment.png?raw=true)
![After Edit appointment](https://github.com/mab321/scheduler/blob/master/documents/displayEdit.png?raw=true)

Commit message:

changed features to more detailed list

README.md, after:

# Interview Scheduler
This project is a single-page application meant to allow students to book interviews with their mentors.
This scheduler is based on a 5 work day schedule with a maximum of 5 appointments per day. This application is setup in conjunction with [scheduler-api](https://github.com/mab321/scheduler-api).

#**Features**


  - Interviews can be booked between Monday and Friday.
  - A user can switch between weekdays.
  - A user can book an interview in an empty appointment slot.
  - Interviews are booked by typing in a student name and clicking on an interviewer from a list of available interviewers.
  - A user can cancel an existing interview.
  - A user can edit the details of an existing interview.
  - The list of days informs the user how many slots are available for each day.
  - The expected day updates the number of spots available when an interview is booked or canceled.
  - A user is presented with a confirmation when they attempt to cancel an interview.
  - A user is shown an error if an interview cannot be saved or deleted.
  - A user is shown a status indicator while asynchronous operations are in progress.
  - When the user presses the close button of the error they are returned to the Form or Show view (skipping Status and Confirm).
  - The application makes API requests to load and persist data. We do not lose data after a browser refresh.

## Setup

Install dependencies with `npm install`.

## Running Webpack Development Server

```sh
npm start
```

## Running Jest Test Framework

```sh
npm test
```

## Running Storybook Visual Testbed

```sh
npm run storybook
```
# Usage Screenshots
## Delete Appointment
![Delete First appointment](https://github.com/mab321/scheduler/blob/master/documents/highlightAppointment.png?raw=true)
![Confirm Delete](https://github.com/mab321/scheduler/blob/master/documents/confirmDeleteAppointment.png?raw=true)
![Deleted appointment](https://github.com/mab321/scheduler/blob/master/documents/DeletedAppointment.png?raw=true)
## Create appointment
![Create Appointment](https://github.com/mab321/scheduler/blob/master/documents/showAppointment.png?raw=true)
## Edit Appointment
![Before edit appointment](https://github.com/mab321/scheduler/blob/master/documents/highlightAppointment.png?raw=true)
![After Edit appointment](https://github.com/mab321/scheduler/blob/master/documents/displayEdit.png?raw=true)
